Mention procmacros in the intro docs and other minor doc tweaks (#2171)
mozilla/uniffi-rs: docs/manual/src/index.md

UniFFI is a tool that automatically generates foreign-language bindings targeting Rust libraries.
The repository can be found on [github](https://github.com/mozilla/uniffi-rs/).
It fits in the practice of consolidating business logic in a single Rust library while targeting multiple platforms, making it simpler to develop and maintain a cross-platform codebase.
Note that this tool will not help you ship a Rust library to these platforms, but it will help you avoid writing bindings code by hand.
[Related](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/572/078/d6d.jpg).

## Design

> UniFFI requires you to describe your interface via either proc-macros or in an Interface Definition Language (based on [WebIDL](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/)) file.

Reviewer: This redirects now. Should we just use the final URL?

```suggestion
UniFFI requires you to describe your interface via either proc-macros or in an Interface Definition Language (based on [WebIDL](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/)) file.
```
